I wrote this around 15. Kept it entirely for one line that still makes me laugh, mostly because of the concept: `This is the
result of self-esteem issues caused primarily by my abusive imaginary friend, Bob.`

Prelude to self.

Note: The following paragraph is a note.

Note: The following representation of myself may contain elements of both fact and fiction. I'm uncomfortable exposing myself
to the world in a truthful manner, and thus have chosen to write my introductory paper in a somewhat fictional manner. This
is the result of self-esteem issues caused primarily by my abusive imaginary friend, Bob. This paper fails to properly follow
the original project outline, lacks proper paragraph form, and completely lacks a sense of blah introductory paperiness.
Nonetheless, I believe I've captured the heart of the assignment, in that it shows off my level of literary ability. I offer
up my sincere apology's if this paper is unacceptable. I also offer up a pre-emptive excuse.

At the time this was written, I was engaging in under aged drinking, and also wrote most of this upside down in a UFO. Which
was at the time, within the hangar of a UFO testing facility. On top of that a alien kept hanging over my shoulder while I
wrote, which was very disorienting since I was upside down. Drinking and writing upside down is dangerous, do not try it at
home or inside a UFO. I've learned my lesson, you can be sure of that.

Note: I'm kidding of course.

Words are Dancing in my Head.

I'm not, going to tell you my hobbies. They aren't me. I'm not, going to tell you my likes and dislikes. They aren't me. I'm
not, going to tell you about my family. They aren't me, plus they don't like it when I write about them. I'm not, going to
tell you about possession's; electronics, money, books, pets or otherwise. They aren't me.

I'm not even, going to provide a condensed portrait of my life. Experiences are said to be definition of self. Perhaps
they're, but when picked and choosed from, experiences simply reflect who the writer thinks he is. Often all you end up with
is little more than a collection of random incidents, and the only truth being told is the truth of contingency, of events
succeeding one after another in a time line of entirely fictional origins. This is likely to occur in a short paper such as
this one. I'll attempt to avoid this pitfall, by only choosing experiences relevant to my current state of self and mind.

I'm going, to tell you how I think, how my mind and thought processes were formed, and how they currently work. To show how
ones thought processes work is truly the most accurate description one can give of oneself in 1,000 words or less.

There two things which primarily characterize my mind.

First: I have a very vivid imagination which has resulted in a unrelenting fear of the dark.

Secondly: I have a phenomenal visual memory.

Millions of people share my fear of the dark, of course, but nearly all of them are either children, those institutionalized,
or those suffering from a fear of air. The last group remains doubtful of their fear of the dark, but were easily convinced
to be afraid of it. My fear of the dark has persisted through childhood, well into my teen years. To this day, I remain
unable to sleep without at least some source of light. At this very moment; I have two spotlights pointed at me, three
fluorescent pot growth lights, two lamps, five flashlights, one book reading light, and one ceiling light. Only the ceiling
light is on though.

Indoor darkness is bad, but the darkness which is contained outside, the vast blackness of night, is what most frightens me.
During the day, I prefer rooms with lots of windows, but during the night I prefer rooms with little or no windows and
drapes. I'm not just afraid of being in the dark, but the very sight of it terrifies me. Often the dark seems as if it is a
living creature, just waiting to strike and consume me whole.

This fear originates from a extremely vivid imagination, which in turn results from a brain dysfunction, which I believe to
be the result of a childhood accident.

My earliest memory is of imagining I was someone else -- imagining that I was, in fact, a superhero able to fly from couch to
chair. In reality I was, in fact, barely able to jump. My mom, remembers this event clearly and says I was perhaps two or
three at the time. Convinced I could fly, I journeyed across our living room to our couch. I then made attempt at flight off
the couch. Being so small, I knocked myself out, and medical professionals were called. What I remember most profoundly, is
the vivid visions I experienced during my concussion. They consisted primarily of little shapes and dots, except they were
also distinctly audible. I did not know this at the time, but I had experienced a form of synathesia.

Between the ages of three and five the brain starts to makes decisions as to what connections in the brain are necessary to
keep and what are not. In normal brain development the section of neurons connecting thought to picture is cut. Most people
think visually in a abstract manner, but to me thoughts are as vivid as reality. I essentially think in pictures. This form
of synathesia is actually quite common as far as synathesia's go. It has been estimated that one in 10,000 people think in
pictures. As many as one in 3 autistic children think in pictures.

This thinking in pictures has resulted in a phenomenal gift for memorization. It should not be confused with photographic
memory though, I do not remember things perfectly, nor do I remember them entirely in pictures. Thinking in pictures has
simply gifted me with a natural mnemonic system. Unlike other people, when I sit down to memorize information I simply
memorize it, no work involved whatsoever, entirely effortless.

So thats me; a dude with a wacky imagination, a funny memory, and a horrible fear of the dark.